# Risk Warning and Disclaimer

This document is for informational purposes only with the basic introduction of the project. It is not and cannot be regarded as a guidance or commitment to investment, cooperating with any specific or unspecified subject, and is not and cannot be regarded as the project team's financial promises or guarantees to the project.

This document does not constitute any investment advice, investment intention or instigation of investment in any form of securities. Any similar proposal will and must be made under a trusted clause and permitted by applicable securities laws and other laws. In the meantime, this document does not constitute nor understand to offer any sale or any invitation to buy or sell any form of securities.

Those who have the intention of participating, investing and collaborating in this project must bear the responsibility to fully understand all the potential risks of this project. All participants involved in the project shall fully understand and accept all the risks that have occurred or may arise in the project, and shall bear the corresponding responsibilities on their own.

The Token referred in this project, as a digital asset unloaded on the team server, has a complete and independent value from the project team. Its value completely depends on the recognition of its use and exchange value determined by relevant market entities. It is not and should not be used or treated as bonds, securities or securities of any kind.

The value of the Token generated by this project is affected by the market environment and the degree of recognition of the market entities. The project team cannot guarantee the value of the Token, which requires investors to judge by themselves.

In the light of the regulatory changes of blockchain technology, cryptocurrencies, etc. by governments around the world, the project team reserves the right to modify, delete, add, or abolish partial or all of the contents of this document at any time in accordance with the laws and regulations of each region and/or the actual situation.

Please make your own judgment on the contents of the project team & project services, and bear all risks arising from the use of this document, including the risk derived from the reliance on the correctness, completeness or practicality of the content of this document. The project team cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by any individual actions.

The project team has the right to revise this white paper according to changes in laws and regulations, as well as adjustments to business conditions and business strategies. The project team has the final right of interpretation and modification.