# Vision, Mission, Values

We are enthusiasts and believers in the crypto world, and we believe that  human society will gradually enter an advanced civilization built on the cornerstone of mathematics and algorithms thanks to the flourishing development of Web3, which is the Bit Civilization.

In our opinion, Bitcoin is the tinde that ignites Bit Civilization, the Web3 world we are building in full swing now is the soul of Bit Civilization, and DAO belongs to the soul of Web3. If we want the fire of civilization to continue to burn and burn continuously, the supply of civilization fuel is inevitable.

FireDAO , which we launched and created today , is the fuel for the fire of civilization. We hope that through the creation and continuation of FireDAO, we will conduct a social experiment to explore the Web3’s Soul. Through the transmission and ignition of the FireSeed, we hope to provide a steady stream of fuel for the burning of the Decentralized Civilization raging fire, inherit wisdom and prosper civilization.

We will unite global Web3 crypto communities to collect FireSeeds, pass FireSeeds, distribute Flames, cast FireSouls and creat FIDs. We hope that through this social experiment of exploring Web3 Soul, we will eventually establish a global DAO coordination system, a DAO value distribution system and a DAO community governance system regardless of nations, regions, religions, races, complexions and languages and ultimately create an on-chain super economy that practices  the true spirit of encryption.

In the process of building FireDAO, we will fully adhere to the core ideas and values of the crypto world such as openness, fairness, justice, co-creation, co-governance, co-ownership, freedom, transparency and decentralization. We hope that under the guidance of these thoughts and spirit, we will establish a pure DAO that leads to the evolution and development of the entire encrypted world DAOs and ultimately build an evolutionary development model for the expansion of the global DAOs.